[Source of Text](https://github.com/scrollmapper/bible_databases_deuterocanonical)

###### 1
Then Adam and Eve came into the cave, yet trembling at the fire that
had scorched their bodies.  So Adam said to Eve:--

###### 2
"Look, the fire has burnt our flesh in this world; but how will it be
when we are dead, and Satan shall punish our souls?  Is not our
deliverance long and far off, unless God come, and in mercy to us
fulfil His promise?"

###### 3
Then Adam and Eve passed into the cave, blessing themselves for
coming into it once more.  For it was in their thoughts, that they
never should enter it, when they saw the fire around it.

###### 4
But as the sun was setting the fire was still burning and nearing
Adam and Eve in the cave, so that they could not sleep in it.  After
the sun had set, they went out of it.  This was the forty-seventh day
after they came out of the garden.

###### 5
Adam and Eve then came under the top of hill by the garden to sleep,
as they were accustomed.

###### 6
And they stood and prayed God to forgive them their sins, and then
fell asleep under the summit of the mountain.

###### 7
But Satan, the hater of all good, thought within himself: "Whereas
God has promised salvation to Adam by covenant, and that He would
deliver him out of all the hardships that have befallen him--but has
not promised me by covenant, and will not deliver me out of my
hardships; no, since He has promised him that He should make him and
his descendants live in the kingdom in which I once was--I will kill
Adam.

###### 8
The earth shall be rid of him; and shall be left to me alone; so that
when he is dead he may not have any descendants left to inherit the
kingdom that shall remain my own realm; God will then be wanting me,
and He will restore it to me and my hosts."