[Source of Text](https://github.com/scrollmapper/bible_databases_deuterocanonical)

###### 1
Then Adam and Eve began again to come into the cave.  And when they
came to the way between the fire, Satan blew into the fire like a
whirlwind, and caused the burning coal-fire to cover Adam and Eve; so
that their bodies were singed; and the coal-fire scorched them.

###### 2
And from the burning of the fire Adam and Eve screamed, and said, "O
Lord, save us!  Leave us not to be consumed and plagued by this burning
fire; neither require us for having transgressed Your commandment."

###### 3
Then God looked at their bodies, on which Satan had caused fire to
burn, and God sent His angel that stayed the burning fire.  But the
wounds remained on their bodies.

###### 4
And God said to Adam, "See Satan's love for you, who pretended to
give you the Godhead and greatness; and, behold, he burns you with
fire, and seeks to destroy you from off the earth.

###### 5
Then look at Me, O Adam; I created you, and how many times have I
delivered you out of his hand?  If not, wouldn't  he have destroyed
you?"

###### 6
God said again to Eve, "What is that he promised you in the garden,
saying, 'As soon as you eat from the tree, your eyes will be opened,
and you shall become like gods, knowing good and evil.'  But look!  He
has burnt your bodies with fire, and has made you taste the taste of
fire, for the taste of the garden; and has made you see the burning of
fire, and the evil of it, and the power it has over you.

###### 7
Your eyes have seen the good he has taken from you, and in truth he
has opened your eyes; and you have seen the garden in which you were
with Me, and you have also seen the evil that has come over you from
Satan.  But as to the Godhead he cannot give it to you, neither fulfil
his speech to you.  No, he was bitter against you and your descendants,
that will come after you."

###### 8
And God withdrew His Word form them.