[Source of Text](https://github.com/scrollmapper/bible_databases_deuterocanonical)

###### 1
God said to Adam, "I have ordained on this earth days and years, and
you and your descendants shall live and walk in them, until the days
and years are fulfilled; when I shall send the Word that created you,
and against which you have transgressed, the Word that made you come
out of the garden, and that raised you when you were fallen.

###### 2
Yes, the Word that will again save you when the five and a half days
are fulfilled."

###### 3
But when Adam heard these words from God, and of the great five and a
half days, he did not understand the meaning of them.

###### 4
For Adam was thinking there would be only five and a half days for
him until the end of the world.

###### 5
And Adam cried, and prayed to God to explain it to him.

###### 6
Then God in his mercy for Adam who was made after His own image and
likeness, explained to him, that these were 5,000 and 500 years; and
how One would then come and save him and his descendants.

###### 7
But before that, God had made this covenant with our father, Adam, in
the same terms, before he came out of the garden, when he was by the
tree where Eve took of the fruit and gave it to him to eat.

###### 8
Because, when our father Adam came out of the garden, he passed by
that tree, and saw how God had changed the appearance of it into
another form, and how it shriveled.

###### 9
And as Adam went to it he feared, trembled and fell down; but God in
His mercy lifted him up, and then made this covenant with him.

###### 10
And again, when Adam was by the gate of the garden, and saw the
cherub with a sword of flashing fire in his hand, and the cherub grew
angry and frowned at him, both Adam and Eve became afraid of him, and
thought he meant to put them to death.  So they fell on their faces,
trembled with fear.

###### 11
But he had pity on them, and showed them mercy; and turning from
them went up to heaven, and prayed to the Lord, and said;--

###### 12
"Lord, You sent me to watch at the gate of the garden, with a sword
of fire.

###### 13
But when Your servants, Adam and Eve, saw me, they fell on their
faces, and were as dead.  O my Lord, what shall we do to Your servants?"

###### 14
Then God had pity on them, and showed them mercy, and sent His Angel
to keep the garden.

###### 15
And the Word of the Lord came to Adam and Eve, and raised them up.

###### 16
And the Lord said to Adam, "I told you that at the end of the five
and a half days, I will send my Word and save you.

###### 17
Strengthen your heart, therefore, and stay in the Cave of Treasures,
of which I have before spoken to you."

###### 18
And when Adam heard this Word from God, he was comforted with that
which God had told him.  For He had told him how He would save him.