[Source of Text](https://github.com/scrollmapper/bible_databases_deuterocanonical)

###### 1
And the children began to grow stronger and taller; but Cain was
hard-hearted, and ruled over his younger brother.

###### 2
Often when his father made an offering, Cain would remain behind and
not go with them, to offer up.

###### 3
But, as to Abel, he had a meek heart, and was obedient to his father
and mother.  He frequently moved them to make an offering, because he
loved it.  He prayed and fasted a lot.

###### 4
Then came this sign to Abel.  As he was coming into the Cave of
Treasures, and saw the golden rods, the incense and the myrrh, he asked
his parents, Adam and Eve, to tell him about them and asked, "Where did
you get these from?"

###### 5
Then Adam told him all that had befallen them.  And Abel felt deeply
about what his father told him.

###### 6
Furthermore his father, Adam, told him of the works of God, and of
the garden.  After hearing that, Abel remained behind after his father
left and stayed the whole of that night in the Cave of Treasures.

###### 7
And that night, while he was praying, Satan appeared to him under the
figure of a man, who said to him, "You have frequently moved your
father into making offerings, fasting and praying, therefore I will
kill you, and make you perish from this world."

###### 8
But as for Abel, he prayed to God, and drove away Satan from him; and
did not believe the words of the devil.  Then when it was day, an angel
of God appeared to him, who said to him, "Do not cut short either
fasting, prayer, or offering up an offering to your God.  For, look,
the Lord had accepted your prayer.  Be not afraid of the figure which
appeared to you in the night, and who cursed you to death."  And the
angel departed from him.

###### 9
Then when it was day, Abel came to Adam and Eve, and told them of the
vision he had seen.  When they heard it, they grieved much over it, but
said nothing to him about it; they only comforted him.

###### 10
But as to the hard-hearted Cain, Satan came to him by night, showed
himself and said to him, "Since Adam and Eve love your brother Abel so
much more than they love you, they wish to join him in marriage to your
beautiful sister because they love him.  However, they wish to join you
in marriage to his ugly sister, because they hate you.

###### 11
Now before they do that, I am telling you that you should kill your
brother. That way your sister will be left for you, and his sister will
be cast away."

###### 12
And Satan departed from him.  But the devil remained behind in
Cain's heart, and frequently aspired to kill his brother.