[Source of Text](https://github.com/scrollmapper/bible_databases_deuterocanonical)

###### 1
After this Adam and Eve said no more, but cried before God on account
of their creation, and of their bodies that required an earthly
covering.

###### 2
Then Adam said to Eve, "O Eve, this is the skin of beasts with which
we shall be covered,  but when we put it on, behold, we shall be
wearing a token of death on our bodies. Just  as the owners of these
skins have died and have wasted away,  so also shall we die and pass
away."

###### 3
Then Adam and Eve took the skins, and went back to the Cave of
Treasures; and when in it, they stood and prayed as they were
accustomed.

###### 4
And they thought how they could make garments of those skins; for
they had no skill for it.

###### 5
Then God sent to them His angel to show them how to work it out.  And
the angel said to Adam, "Go forth, and bring some palm-thorns."  Then
Adam went out, and brought some, as the angel had commanded him.

###### 6
Then the angel began before them to work out the skins, after the
manner of one who prepares a shirt.  And he took the thorns and stuck
them into the skins, before their eyes.

###### 7
Then the angel again stood up and prayed God that the thorns in those
skins should be hidden, so as to be, as it were, sewn with one thread.

###### 8
And so it was, by God's order; they became garments for Adam and Eve,
and He clothed them therewith.

###### 9
From that time the nakedness of their bodies was covered from the
sight of each other's eyes.

###### 10
And this happened at the end of the fifty-first day.

###### 11
Then when Adam's and Eve's bodies were covered, they stood and
prayed, and sought mercy of the Lord, and forgiveness, and gave Him
thanks for that He had had mercy on them, and had covered their
nakedness.  And they ceased not from prayer the whole of that night.

###### 12
Then when the morning dawned at the rising of the sun, they said
their prayers after their custom; and then went out of the cave.

###### 13
And Adam said to Eve, "Since we don't know what there is to the west
of this cave, let us go out and see it today." Then they came forth and
went toward the western border.