[Source of Text](https://github.com/scrollmapper/bible_databases_deuterocanonical)

###### 1
Observe the heaven, ye children of heaven, and every work of the Most High, and fear ye Him and work no evil in His presence. [101:2] If He closes the windows of heaven, and withholds the rain and the dew from descending on the earth on your account, what will ye do then? [101:3] And if He sends His anger upon you because of your deeds, ye cannot petition Him; for ye spake proud and insolent words against His righteousness: therefore ye shall have no peace. [101:4] And see ye not the sailors of the ships, how their ships are tossed to and fro by the waves, and are shaken by the winds, and are in sore trouble? [101:5] And therefore do they fear because all their goodly possessions go upon the sea with them, and they have evil forebodings of heart that the sea will swallow them and they will perish therein.

###### 6
Are not the entire sea and all its waters, and all its movements, the work of the Most High, and has He not set limits to its doings, and confined it throughout by the sand? [101:7] And at His reproof it is afraid and dries up, and all its fish die and all that is in it; But ye sinners that are on the earth fear Him not. [101:8] Has He not made the heaven and the earth, and all that is therein? Who has given understanding and wisdom to everything that moves on the earth and in the sea. [101:9] Do not the sailors of the ships fear the sea? Yet sinners fear not the Most High.