[Source of Text](https://github.com/scrollmapper/bible_databases_deuterocanonical)

###### 1
And I saw another course, a law for her, (and) how according to that law she performs her monthly revolution. [74:2] And all these Uriel, the holy angel who is the leader of them all, showed to me, and their positions, and I wrote down their positions as he showed them to me, and I wrote down their months as they were, and the appearance of their lights till fifteen days were accomplished. [74:3] In single seventh parts she accomplishes all her light in the east, and in single seventh parts accomplishes all her darkness in the west. [74:4] And in certain months she alters her settings, and in certain months she pursues her own peculiar course. [74:5] In two months the moon sets with the sun: in those two middle portals the third and the fourth. [74:6] She goes forth for seven days, and turns about and returns again through the portal where the sun rises, and accomplishes all her light: and she recedes from the sun, and in eight days enters the sixth portal from which the sun goes forth. [74:7] And when the sun goes forth from the fourth portal she goes forth seven days, until she goes forth from the fifth and turns back again in seven days into the fourth portal and accomplishes all her light: and she recedes and enters into the first portal in eight days. [74:8] And she returns again in seven days into the fourth portal from which the sun goes forth. [74:9] Thus I saw their position--how the moons rose and the sun set in those days. [74:10] And if five years are added together the sun has an overplus of thirty days, and all the days which accrue to it for one of those five years, when they are full, amount to 364 days. [74:11] And the overplus of the sun and of the stars amounts to six days: in [74:5] years [74:6] days every year come to [74:30] days: and the moon falls behind the sun and stars to the number of 30 days. [74:12] And the sun and the stars bring in all the years exactly, so that they do not advance or delay their position by a single day unto eternity; but complete the years with perfect justice in 364 days. [74:13] In 3 years there are 1092 days, and in [74:5] years 1820 days, so that in 8 years there are 2912 days. [74:14] For the moon alone the days amount in 3 years to 1062 days, and in 5 years she falls 50 days behind: [i.e. to the sum (of 1770) there is to be added (1000 and) 62 days.] [74:15] And in 5 years there are 1770 days, so that for the moon the days in 8 years amount to 2832 days. [74:16] [For in 8 years she falls behind to the amount of 80 days], all the days she falls behind in 8 years are 80 [74:17] And the year is accurately completed in conformity with their world-stations and the stations of the sun, which rise from the portals through which it (the sun) rises and sets 30 days.