[Source of Text](https://github.com/scrollmapper/bible_databases_deuterocanonical)

###### 1
And after this I saw another dream, and I will show the whole dream to thee, my son. [85:2] And Enoch lifted up (his voice) and spake to his son Methuselah: 'To thee, my son, will I speak: hear my words--incline thine ear to the dream-vision of thy father. [85:3] Before I took thy mother Edna, I saw in a vision on my bed, and behold a bull came forth from the earth, and that bull was white; and after it came forth a heifer, and along with this (latter) came forth two bulls, one of them black and the other red. [85:4] And that black bull gored the red one and pursued him over the earth, and thereupon I could no longer see that red bull. [85:5] But that black bull grew and that heifer went with him, and I saw that many oxen proceeded from him which resembled and followed him. [85:6] And that cow, that first one, went from the presence of that first bull in order to seek that red one, but found him not, and lamented with a great lamentation over him and sought him. [85:7] And I looked till that first bull came to her and quieted her, and from that time onward she cried no more. [85:8] And after that she bore another white bull, and after him she bore many bulls and black cows.

###### 9
And I saw in my sleep that white bull likewise grow and become a great white bull, and from Him proceeded many white bulls, and they resembled him. And they began to beget many white bulls, which resembled them, one following the other, (even) many.