[Source of Text](https://github.com/scrollmapper/bible_databases_deuterocanonical)

###### 1
And they lived on the earth working in order to keep their bodies in
good health; and they continued so until the nine months of Eve's
pregnancy were over, and the time drew near when she must give birth.

###### 2
Then she said to Adam, "The signs placed in this cave since we left
the garden indicate that this is a pure place and we will be praying in
it again some time.  It is not appropriate then, that I should give
birth in it.  Let us instead go to the sheltering rock cave that was
formed by the command of God when Satan threw a big rock down on us in
an attempt to kill us with it.

###### 3
Adam then took Eve to that cave.  When the time came for her to give
birth, she strained a lot.  Adam felt sorry, and he was very worried
about her because she was close to death and the words of God to her
were being fulfilled: "In suffering shall you bear a child, and in
sorrow shall you bring forth a child."

###### 4
But when Adam saw the distress in which Eve was, he got up and prayed
to God, and said, "O Lord, look at me with the eye of Your mercy, and
bring her out of her distress."

###### 5
And God looked at His maid-servant Eve, and delivered her, and she
gave birth to her first-born son, and with him a daughter.

###### 6
The Adam rejoiced at Eve's deliverance, and also over the children
she had borne him.  And Adam ministered to Eve in the cave, until the
end of eight days; when they named the son Cain, and the daughter
Luluwa.

###### 7
The meaning of Cain is "hater," because he hated his sister in their
mother's womb; before they came out of it.  Therefore Adam named him
Cain.

###### 8
But Luluwa means "beautiful," because she was more beautiful than her
mother.

###### 9
Then Adam and Eve waited until Cain and his sister were forty days
old, when Adam said to Eve, "We will make an offering and offer it up
in behalf of the children."

###### 10
And Eve said, "We will make one offering for the first-born son and
then later we shall make one for the daughter."